[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Looks like we have
a couple pull request in to take a look at
our two challenges.
So let's see what we've got,
see if folks were able to crack this nut.
I did notice that we had
one one contribution,
that is what we're looking for,
in addition to a couple stylistic fixes
that I had actually mentioned yesterday,
so I appreciate the help there.
Well, basically what we had to do to
add this Babel set of presets is,
number one, install the preset
set as a development dependency.
In our package.json, which we did here.
So there is the ES at 2016 preset.
We also added the presets, or
we changed the presets configuration for
Babylon five, such that it would use both
of those presets, both es2015 and es2016.
So that is what we're looking for and
now when we compile our JavaScript,
we'll have the ability to use those ES
2016 features which I think there's
actually only like one or two major
ones in our JavaScript files as well.
So we want to immediately put it to work,
but now our JavaScript,
our client side JavaScript capabilities
are just that much more lite.
So I'm gonna go ahead, and
+1 this guy looks good to me.
And I'm gonna merge it down.
So thank you very much, good work there.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right,
we also have a pull request for
the for the SCSS changes.
We have the font color
defined as a variable here,
looks to be a gray,
I'm sure it's perfectly readable.
And then we're using or we're
changing the color of the H1 to that.
And then in the info, we're actually
changing all of the color to that,
rather than just the anchors,
which I guess is fine.
So that's pretty close.
I think what I was hoping for was we'd
actually just get the anchors themselves.
But that's pretty close.
So I'm gonna say part
partial credit there.
The primary bit is here we define this
shared color that we're then gonna
use two different places in our,
in our CSS declarations.
So that is definitely what
we're looking for there.